# Rust API client for openapi

# Overview
Import FIRST Robotics Competition Data to The Blue Alliance. The API is accessed through POST requests made to the endpoints described below. To simplify the removal of incorrect data, most endpoints must be called with the full dataset. For example, there is no endpoint to add a single award-- only to update all awards. It must be called with all awards, and the ones that are no longer present will be deleted. **The exception to this is the matches endpoint**, where there are separate endpoints to update and delete matches. Also, the **match videos endpoint** only allows the addition (and not the removal) of videos.
# Authentication
The X-TBA-Auth-Id and X-TBA-Auth-Sig must be included as request headers in all requests.

*auth_id*: ``  *auth_secret*: ``

*X-TBA-Auth-Id*: `auth_id`  *X-TBA-Auth-Sig*: `md5_hexdigest()`

For example, an X-TBA-Auth-Sig may look like `md5_hexdigest(ExqeZK3Gbo9v95YnqmsiADzESo9HNgyhIOYSMyRpqJqYv13EazNRaDIPPJuOXrQp/api/trusted/v1/event/2014casj/matches/delete[\"qm1\"])`

Which, after hashing, becomes: `ca5c3e5c1b0e7132e4af13f805eca0be`


## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 3.1
- Package version: 3.1
- Generator version: 7.17.0
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `openapi` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
openapi = { path = "./openapi" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://www.thebluealliance.com/api/trusted/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*EventAlliancesApi* | [**update_alliances**](docs/EventAlliancesApi.md#update_alliances) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/alliance_selections/update | Update the alliance selections at an event
*EventAwardsApi* | [**update_awards**](docs/EventAwardsApi.md#update_awards) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/awards/update | Update the award listing at an event
*EventDetailsApi* | [**get_event_info**](docs/EventDetailsApi.md#get_event_info) | **GET** /event/{eventKey}/info | Fetch top-level admin properties for the event
*EventDetailsApi* | [**update_event_info**](docs/EventDetailsApi.md#update_event_info) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/info/update | Update top-level properties for the event
*EventMatchesApi* | [**delete_matches**](docs/EventMatchesApi.md#delete_matches) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/matches/delete | Delete matches at an event
*EventMatchesApi* | [**update_matches**](docs/EventMatchesApi.md#update_matches) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/matches/update | Update matches at an event
*EventMediaApi* | [**update_event_media**](docs/EventMediaApi.md#update_event_media) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/media/add | Add event videos
*EventRankingsApi* | [**update_rankings**](docs/EventRankingsApi.md#update_rankings) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/rankings/update | Update team rankings at an event
*MatchVideosApi* | [**update_match_videos**](docs/MatchVideosApi.md#update_match_videos) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/match_videos/add | Add match videos
*TeamListApi* | [**update_team_list**](docs/TeamListApi.md#update_team_list) | **POST** /event/{eventKey}/team_list/update | Update the list of teams attending an event


## Documentation For Models

 - [Award](docs/Award.md)
 - [EventInfo](docs/EventInfo.md)
 - [EventInfoDisableSync](docs/EventInfoDisableSync.md)
 - [EventInfoWebcastsInner](docs/EventInfoWebcastsInner.md)
 - [Match](docs/Match.md)
 - [MatchAlliance](docs/MatchAlliance.md)
 - [MatchAlliances](docs/MatchAlliances.md)
 - [UpdateRankingsRequest](docs/UpdateRankingsRequest.md)
 - [UpdateRankingsRequestRankingsInner](docs/UpdateRankingsRequestRankingsInner.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author



